C INPUT PARAMETERS:
C  The input parameters are divided into sections related to the storage ring,
C  the wiggler device, and the quantity to be calculated.
C Machine Parameters:
C  Storage ring energy 			(GeV)
C  Storage ring current			(mA)
C Wiggler Parameters:
C  Period length			(cm)
C  Number of periods
C Note: For a bending magnet source: set N=0.5, and make Ky large and adjust
C       the period length accordingly. For example, put Ky=9.34 and calculate
C       the period length from, Period (cm) = 10.0/B0(T), where B0 is the known
C       strength of the magnetic field (in Tesla) for the bending magnet.  The
C       calculated power density (pd) is correct, but the total power (ptot)
C       is irrelevant. Typically make the extend of the pinhole small in the
C	horizontal direction (theta << Ky/gamma) as the intensity should
C	not depend on the horizontal offset. Check value of B0 (and critcal
C	energy EC0) in the plot file.
C  Deflection parameter (hor.  field) Kx (= 0.0 only; for elliptical wiggler
C  not yet implemented)
C  Deflection parameter (vert. field) Ky
C Scan Parameters:
C  Minimum energy			(eV)
C  Maximum energy			(eV)
C  Number of energy points
C Pinhole Parameters:
C  Distance from the source		(m)
C    (d=0.0 => angular units)
C  X-coordinate for center of pinhole	(mm) or (mrad)
C  Y-coordinate for center of pinhole	(mm) or (mrad)
C  X-size of pinhole (full width)	(mm) or (mrad)
C  Y-size of pinhole (full width)	(mm) or (mrad)
C    (for angular units (d=0.0) values are entered in mrad)
C    (X is for horizontal direction)
C    (Y is for the vertical direction)
C  Number of subdivisions of pinhole in X (max 50)
C  Number of subdivisions of pinhole in Y (max 50)
C
C Mode:
C  Depending on the mode selected, some of the pinhole parameters may be
C  set to different values by the program; see the output file ws.plt.
C  MODE    1    Angular/spatial flux density distribution
C  MODE    2    Angular/spatial flux density spectrum
C  MODE    3    On-axis brilliance spectrum (not yet implemented)
C  MODE    4    Flux spectrum through a pinhole
C  MODE    5    Flux spectrum integrated over all angles
C  MODE    6    Power density and integrated power
C
C  Angular/spatial flux density distribution
C    - Flux distribution at the energy chosen as minimum energy.
C  Angular/spatial flux density spectrum
C    - Spectrum at any given point in space as selected by the X and Y
C      coordinate for the center of the pinhole. X is horizontal and Y is
C      vertical.
C  On-axis brilliance spectrum (not yet implemented)
C  Flux spectrum through a pinhole
C    - Spectrum through a pinhole centered at X-center and Y-center with
C      size X-size and Y-size.  The energy range is from the minimum to the
C      maximum energy.
C  Flux spectrum integrated over all angles (wiggler only).
C    -  The pinhole parameters have no significance here.
C  Power density and integrated power
C    -  Integrated over all energies, thus the energy parameters have no
C       significance here.
C
C Polarization:
C  The normalized Stokes parameters are calculated including the 
C  unpolarized component.
C
